As Some-User...

When I...

So That I...

12) As a regular joe six-pack, when I'm playing, I want to be able to update stats that can change during combat with one hand, and free a hand up for drinkin' mah beer.

13) As a devout Christian mother of three, when my kids are away, I want to be able to load up my childrens' characters, so that I know they're not worshipping the Devil.

14) As a dude who plays World of Warcraft, when I'm creating a character, I want to be able to know if I can play as a Paladin with a two-handed sword, so that I can emulate my experiences as a Ret Paladin in World of Warcraft.

16) As a fella who has trouble remembering things, when I view my character information, I want to be able to store information about the last session, so that I don't have to remember myself.

17) As a woman with drawing acumen, when I am creating my character, I want to be able to draw and upload a picture of my character to my character data sheet, so that I can show everyone that I can draw.

11) As a Barbarian, when I view my character data, I want to see my weapon and stats for said weapon, so that I know how much damage my party missed out on when I roll a '2'.

20) As a fella who likes a good backstory, I want my characters background info to be displayed in the character data sheet, so that I don't have to remember and everyone will know.

3) As a Cleric player, when I view my character data, I want to see what Miracles I can cast, based on my character's Diety, so that I do not look stupid when I try to cast the wrong Miracle.

5) As a Fighter player, when I view my character data, I want to see how my armor effects my defense stat, so that I can see how much of an idiot I can be, wading into a group of dragons.

8) As a Dwarf character, when I vew my character data, I want to see how stronk my character is, so that I can know how big of a battle axe I can use.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1) As a Bard player, when I view my character data, I want to see how my buffs effect my character and my team-mates, so that I can know how to more effectively bard.

2) As a Barbarian player, when I view my character data, I want to see how much loot I've looted, cuz' Barbarians loot things and that's cool.

15) As a dude who likes the Witcher, when I'm creating a character, I want to know how best to make a class resembling a Witcher, so that I can role play as Henry Cavill



4) As a Sorcerer player, when I view my character data, I want to see how many times I can cast my spells until my character has rested, so that I can better plan the next encounter.



6) As a Monk player, when I view my character data, I want to see how my clothing effects my character's outward appearance, so that I can better role play a raggidy monk.

7) As a Dragonborn character, when I view my character data, I want to see which dragon fire I can use, so that I can play gooder.



9) As an Orc character, when I view my character data, I want to see my Constitution so that I can know how robust my character is.

10) As a Necromancer, when I view my character data, I want to see how many minions I can raise, so that I can Warlock to the best of my ability.





18) As a street urchin, when I view my character information, I want to be able to see what my rogue has stolen, so that I can better role play as a thieving rogue.

19) As a Fighter player, when I view my character info, I want to be able to display my skills, so that my character can pass out so that I can go use the bathroom when an encounter goes on too long.



21) As a weeb, when I'm creating a character, I want to be able to create a character just like One Punch Man, so that I can live out my fantasy of being One Punch Dude.

22) As the DM's girlfriend, when I'm choosing against the better judgement of my teammates to draw from the Deck of Many Things, I want the effects to be known by all of those in my party, so that I can know how much hate is coming my way.

23) As an alpha Chad, when I'm creating a character, I want to be able to specify my character's diet and training regiment, so that my character can be as ripped as me.

24) As a sweaty gamer fella, when I'm playing, I want to know the most optimal option for the scenario I am in, so that I can avoid making a sub-optimal decision regarding a fun game.

25) As some guy from Montana, when I'm playing, I want my character to know where the nearest mountain is, so that I can always know where best to go to get my character to a mountain.